pages/work/index.md, before:

---
layout: single
title: Work
date: 23/02/2014
---
## Standard
During Februaruy & March we are compiling a list of Open Contracting Data to understand
the current supply of data available. We welcome assistance on this, and will be posting 
more about how to participate soon.

In 2013, we did an [initial sprint](/pages/notes/firstsprint.html) of work looking at some existing open contracting 
data and identifying common themes among it.

## Tools
We need to start building out an ecosystem of tools to support the data standard.

* a script to help publishers who already publish their data to re-format it into the open-contracting standard. 
* a website that takes data and maps contracts by geo-location
* a database that lists all open-contracting projectsls

We will be running sprints open to any developers who are interested in developing these
tools. 

We would really appreciate suggestions from the community, be it publishers, data users, or other stakeholders
about tools that would be useful. Ping us on the [mailing list](/pages/community.html)! 

## Governance
We are actively trying to build our governance structure, please do join the [mailing list](/pages/community.html) if you
are interested in participating. We will post further information as this project progresses.

## Advocacy & Support
If you are interested in adopting or promoting the standard please do get in touch through 
our [mailing list](/pages/community.html).

In addition, see the [Open Contracting Partnership website](http://www.open-contracting.org/home-v1) and
their [community site](http://pro-act.org/). You may be interested in the [Open Contracting Guide](http://www.open-contracting.org/open_contracting_guide)
avaiable as a free download.

Commit message:

Add link to open data comparison in tools section on work

pages/work/index.md, after:

---
layout: single
title: Work
date: 23/02/2014
---
## Standard
During Februaruy & March we are compiling a list of Open Contracting Data to understand
the current supply of data available. We welcome assistance on this, and will be posting 
more about how to participate soon.

In 2013, we did an [initial sprint](/pages/notes/firstsprint.html) of work looking at some existing open contracting 
data and identifying common themes among it.

## Tools
We need to start building out an ecosystem of tools to support the data standard.

* a script to help publishers who already publish their data to re-format it into the open-contracting standard. 
* a website that takes data and maps contracts by geo-location
* a database that lists all open-contracting projectsls

We will be running sprints open to any developers who are interested in developing these
tools. 

We would really appreciate suggestions from the community, be it publishers, data users, or other stakeholders
about tools that would be useful. Ping us on the [mailing list](/pages/community.html)! 

### Current Tools

* Open Data Comparison - for comparing the datasets already being published.  BETA server is [here](http://ocds.stage.aptivate.org/opendatacomparison).  Code is on [github](http://github.com/open-contracting/opendatacomparison).

## Governance
We are actively trying to build our governance structure, please do join the [mailing list](/pages/community.html) if you
are interested in participating. We will post further information as this project progresses.

## Advocacy & Support
If you are interested in adopting or promoting the standard please do get in touch through 
our [mailing list](/pages/community.html).

In addition, see the [Open Contracting Partnership website](http://www.open-contracting.org/home-v1) and
their [community site](http://pro-act.org/). You may be interested in the [Open Contracting Guide](http://www.open-contracting.org/open_contracting_guide)
avaiable as a free download.
